conditions are getting worse for
Palestinians across the Gaza Strip rains
have caused heavy flooding in the
jabalia refugee camp hundreds of
thousands of people are without shelter
in winter temperatures the UN says
Israel's military campaign has displaced
more than 80% of gaza's population let's
go back to our correspondent thadak Abu
aom he's live for us in Rafa in southern
Gaza air strikes across the strip thic
um and even around Al AA hospital we
hear that those are just getting worse
forcing even more doctors to
flee yes uh more deadly attacks again
and and more mourning that is full of
air strikes that keep pounding the
territory from the north to the South
where the southern part had been the
main concentration for the military
attacks by Israel in the past few weeks
where they is starting to move to a
complete new phase of fighting in the
middle and the southern part of the
territory today Palestinians are morning
nine Palestinians who have been killed
overnight strike in Rafa for the same
family belong to Jani family and also
the uh southern part of the territory
witnessed more Earth strikes especially
on kanun city where the artillery
shielding did not stop uh since the
early hours of today's morning and we
have been seeing different distressing
images and videos released from the city
ofun showing how destruction and how the
scale of attacks had been intensified
where residential house has being
completely destroyed and partially
damaged as roads civil infrastructure
also being widely inflicted by these
ongoing offensive on that City where
Israel is fighting to get and to take
full control over the city of kanun
which is the largest the second largest
city across the territory also the medal
governate had been under a wide military
attack which where uh five Palestinians
been reported killed in an air strike
today earlier morning uh for a
Palestinian uh uh family
who had been killed after destruction of
their residential building and several
areas of the middle regions of the
territory had been also witnessing more
ongoing bombardment by the artillery and
the clashes there between the
Palestinian Fighters and the Israeli
soldiers continue in the outskirts of Al
anarat and Al magazi refugee camp th
thank you very much for that that is th
Abu with the latest live in the Rafa